doc improvement: add vsc instructions to updating page (#6224)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_updating.rst

However, if you work with a specific release of the |NCS|, you do not need to update your repositories, because the release will not change.
For an overview of changes in the latest releases, see :ref:`release_notes`.

.. _gs_updating_in_vsc:

Updating |VSC|
*****************

Visual Studio Code checks for extension updates and automatically installs them when they are available.
After an extension is updated, VS Code prompts you to reload the application.

> If you disabled automatic updates, open the :guilabel:`Extensions` tab, locate the |VSC| extension, and click on the :guilabel:`Update` button if it is visible.

Reviewer: I think there is just a little bit too much information in one sentence here, and it leaves it ambiguous what to do when the Update button isn't visible.
```suggestion
If you disabled automatic updates, open the :guilabel:`Extensions` tab and locate the |VSC| extension.
The :guilabel:`Update` button becomes visible when an update is available.
Click on the button to install the update.
```
Or something along those lines. 
I'm not quite happy with my own wording.

Author: Good point, I have updated this now.

However, if you work with a specific release of the |NCS|, you do not need to update your repositories, because the release will not change.
For an overview of changes in the latest releases, see :ref:`release_notes`.

> .. _gs_updating_in_vsc:

Reviewer 2: Hm, why *in* vsc if the header doesn't have this?

Author: Fixed

Updating |VSC|

> *****************

Reviewer 2: This line must match the length of the header.

Author: Fixed

Visual Studio Code checks for extension updates and automatically installs them when they are available.
After an extension is updated, VS Code prompts you to reload the application.

> If you disabled automatic updates, open the :guilabel:`Extensions` tab and locate the |VSC| extension.

Reviewer: What do you think, does this now need a paragraph break?
Not because of length, but as a sort of thought reset.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I agree with @wiba-nordic .

Author: Updated with a paragraph break.

The :guilabel:`Update` button appears when an update is available.
Click on the button to install the update.

The |VSC| extension lets you update west and the associated |NCS| repositories within its :guilabel:`Source Control` panel.

> For detailed instructions, see the `nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code`_ documentation site.

Reviewer 2: Can you link to the related page or at least mention the name of the page?
```suggestion
For detailed instructions, see the page about updating the extension on the `nRF Connect for Visual Studio Code`_ documentation site.
```
(just an example)

Author: I have been holding off on this since we have been frequently changing the structure of the documentation as it grows. I can add the page in, but this may break often over the next few months as the site grows since we are on a more frequent release schedule than NCS.

Author: Updated with current link. We'll triage later if it breaks.
